Email fields in the login page are not unique 
    As a automation tester we need a better way to locate these elements, one option would be to add data-testId="email_create" for create account section and data-testId="email" for the sign in section.

Registration page doesnt ask to confirm password
    For users it better to have a confirm password field in the registration page in case they accidentally type a character they didn't think they typed.
    I would recommend to add this field directly under the password field 

Registration page password complexity
    For security purposes we should change the requirements for a password from to have 5 characters to have the following: 8-16 characters, One upper case, One lower case, One number, One special character, password cannot contain more than 2 repeated characters.  In additon we should have a visual queue to show the user how strong the password is.

Date of birth drop downs
    As a automation tester we need a better way to locate these elements, one option would be to add data-testId="day", data-testId="month", data-testId="year". 

User can't delete Acoount
    As a user there should be a way to deactivate or remove account, I would recommend in the my account page there should be an new button under My personal information button called Deactivate Account.

User can't reset password
    As a user I should be able to reset my password
    When a user attempts to reset their password they get an error message: An error occured while sending the email

    Steps to Reproduce:
    1. Go to landing page http://automationpractice.pl/index.php
    2. Click SignIn
    3. Click Forgot Password link 
    4. User is directed to forgot your password page
    5. Enter an email address that exists in the field provided
    6. Click Retrieve Password button

    Expected Result: Email is sent and there is a message on the page that the email is sent with a green banner
    Actual Result: There is a Red banner indicating there was an error on the page with an error message: An error occurred while sending the email.    